original text - 

"Parent Trap" follows single parent, Joe, as he struggles to juggle his career, friends and raising his two children, teenage daughter, Taylor, and younger son, Max. Joe is determined to give his kids the best life possible, but with both of his kids resisting his attempts to be a parent, he must find a way to overcome the obstacles and give them the guidance they need. With help from his best friend, their kooky landlord, and his own quirky sense of humor, Joe will learn that parenting is about more than just rules and regulations. It's about love, patience and understanding.
refined text - <class 'gptools.gptools.GPTtext'>
title:
 
"The Parent Trap: A Sitcom About Juggling Life and Raising Kids" 
questions:
 ["What is the name of Joe's best friend?", 'How does Joe attempt to show his children love and understanding? ', 'What kind of obstacles does Joe face as a single parent?', 'What kind of quirky sense of humor does Joe have?', 'How does the landlord help Joe with parenting his children?'] 
outline:
 ['Joe is a single parent, determined to give his kids the best life possible. ', "Taylor and Max are resisting Joe's attempts to be a parent. ", 'Joe needs help from his best friend and their kooky landlord. ', "Parenting is more than just rules and regulations, it's also about love, patience and understanding. ", 'Joe must find a way to overcome the obstacles and give his kids the guidance they need.'] 
critiques:
 ['Replace some of the more technical words with more conversational language, such as "single dad" instead of "single parent"', 'Provide more vivid descriptions of Joe\'s attempts to be a parent, such as "his determined attempts to help his children balance work, school, and home life"', 'Re-word sentences for clarity and flow, such as "With the help of his best friend and their kooky landlord, Joe must find a way to give his kids the guidance they need"', 'Add in more details about Joe\'s quirky sense of humor, such as "Joe\'s one-liners and subtle jokes help lighten the mood and bring a sense of levity to their home"', 'Proofread for grammar and spelling mistakes, such as using the correct form of "its" in the sentence "It\'s about love, patience and understanding"'] 
sentiment:
 
The sentiment of this text is positive. 
